The rusted knight walked past the fallow fields and husked buildings. A layer of rust coated everything and the ghosts of memories hinted what the town was. From the barren ash, the town rose and became a beacon for all those after calamity, but once again returned to ash. The only record of its legacy was in the aching scars of the knight. His once silver armor, emblamatic of highest guard of the land, was tarnished and dented from the decades of sin. At the knight's hip was a broken sword. The once mighty longsword was inscribed with the message "Vigolo, Confido", an empty message. These were the only items the knight could claim his own as his memories and name were lost to the ether. The only thing the knight could do was to walk in a desolate land without purpose, defending himself from the abominations that were once man. Stirring from the knight from the emptiness of his head, he heard a sound stirring from one of the houses, but it was not that of a beast.

He carefully aproached the house, right hand slightly pressing upon his broken long sword. He got close enough to the door and took a peek through the half-rotten door. There, to his great surprise, sat a beautiful little girl, dressed in a plain gray dress. She looks no older than the age of 10, and is quietly read a book.

The girl was deeply engrossed in her novel, so the knight deemed it best to exit the house without making a further disturbance. As the door shut behind him, the girl, aware of a noise, looked up from her book with deep suspicion. Her brow furrowed as she cautiously shut her book and walked toward the window beside the door. The knight had not traveled far, as he was tired, dazed, and weary as he struggled to find any memories. The girl recognized the knight as the man who killed her father. She went into her closet, retrieved her sword, and began her pursuit of the weary knight.

If it was any other person, they might have lost their life there. However, the knight, despite being burdened by mental fatigue and the cumbersome sword, reacted quickly. Even though he had lost his memories, the hours of gruesome training he had as a knight paid off. He adeptly sidestepped the girl as she closed the distance with a quick lunge. He was just about to carefully knock the sword out of her hands when the girl quickly whipped back her sword. Startled by the fast reaction, the knight was forced to lean back to avoid the blade. Caught by surprise, the veteran knight was shocked to see the girl expertly kick the knight's lower left calf. A moment later, the knight was clenching his teeth as he stared down the blade that was pointed inches from his throat. The girl, wearing a stern expression, remained in that position for a while before drawing back her sword. The knight noticed that while the weapon was no longer raised, the girl had not sheathed the sword. He understood that he was still in no position to displease the girl in anyway. The girl carefully watched the knight's eyes before finally breaking the silence.
